Autoinst #9216 ke (#827)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/client-configuration/pages/autoinstallation-methods.adoc

= Introduction

{ay} and Kickstart configuration files allow you to automate client system installations.
This is useful if you need to install a large number of clients.

For {sle} clients, use {ay}.

> When you have created an {ay} file, you can upload and manage it the within {productname} {webui}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have created an {ay} file, you can upload and manage it using the {productname} {webui}.
```

For {rhel} clients, use Kickstart.
Kickstart files are created, modified, and managed within the {productname} {webui}.

> == Basic Concept

Reviewer: I don't like this as a section heading. Can we just delete the title? The basic concept should go at the top of the chapter anyway, I don't think it needs a separate section.

> It is best practice to boot for installation with Network Boot (PXE Boot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use PXE boot for installing clients.
```

> For this you need a DHCP server that points to your {productname} Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PXE booting requires a DHCP server that points to your {productname} Server.
```

The {productname} Server then acts as a TFTP server.

> The TFTP environment is generated with a tool called Cobbler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TFTP environment is generated with Cobbler.
```
